# DelightfullEats
<p style="text-align:justify;" >Welcome to our online grocery store, your one-stop destination for all your food and household essentials. We are committed to providing you with a convenient and efficient shopping experience, bringing the grocery store directly to your doorstep. Our website offers a wide range of high-quality products sourced from trusted suppliers and brands. From fresh fruits and vegetables to pantry staples, dairy products, meats, and more, we have everything you need to fill your kitchen and keep your home well-stocked. We carefully select each item to ensure freshness, quality, and value for your money. Navigating through our user-friendly website is easy and intuitive. Discover a vast assortment of products, conveniently organized into categories for effortless browsing. Find your favorite brands or explore new options with our extensive selection. We provide detailed product descriptions and nutritional information to help you make informed choices for yourself and your family. We understand the importance of convenience in your busy lifestyle. That's why we offer flexible delivery options, ensuring that your groceries arrive at a time that suits you best. Our dedicated team works diligently to ensure accurate order fulfillment and timely delivery, so you can focus on what matters most to you. Customer satisfaction is our top priority. If you have any questions or need assistance, our friendly customer support team is ready to help. We value your feedback and continuously strive to improve our service to meet and exceed your expectations. Experience the convenience of online grocery shopping with our website. Say goodbye to long queues, heavy shopping bags, and time-consuming trips to the store. With just a few clicks, you can easily fill your virtual cart and have your groceries delivered straight to your doorstep. Join our community of satisfied customers and enjoy the benefits of hassle-free grocery shopping. Embrace the convenience, quality, and reliability of our online grocery store. Let us be your trusted partner in providing the essential products you need for a well-stocked pantry and a happy home.</p> 
<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GpTJts_jAKQ-DaPrN7Je4kI1owvvcrsh/view?usp=sharing">SOURCE CODE</a>

## How to run this project
Step 1: Download project from above souce code and decompress it.
Step 2: Add <b>node_module</b> entire package/folder from any other react project.
Step 3: Add React-Router Dom using 

### `npm i -D react-router-dom`
Step 4: In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`
